The Web has evolved dramatically in the last decade. Instead of just serving web pages linked by URLs, it's now the most versatile application platform on the planet. It runs on Desktop PCs, tablets, smart phones, Google Glasses, even the refrigerator in your house.  The performance has improved drastically that it can power most of common apps easily. Even browsers on your smart phone can run complicated 3D games smoothly.  Most browsers now support HTML5, CSS3 and provide tons of new APIs for developers to use in their applications. The browser is not the old software that display web pages now, it's a full-featured app platform that we can take advantage of to build great apps and get to our users really easily and fast.

I have a strong opinion on the next generation of web apps. Instead of clicking on urls and waiting for page loading, we will have apps with highly interactive UI and real-time network connectivity. Most of the logic will be run in the client side, instead of on the server.  And I want to build web apps that looks and runs just like your desktop softwares or mobile apps, only better, we don't have to download, install and update them.

But the only real programming language on the web platform is Javascript. We love and hate it. It's an expressive and agile language, but it has lot of drawbacks. Anyway, I want to write web apps in Haskell. And Samoyed is my answer to this issue. The features of Samoyed I envisioned includes:
	1, Pure Haskell. Developers can develop great web apps using just haskell, both server and client side. We love haskell and we think it has great tools helping us build better software.
	2, FRP UI. Build interactive and reactive UI in functional reactive programming style.
	3, Real-time data syncing. Instead of using RESTful APIs, we will use WebSockets to communicate between client and server. Data changes in one client will be synced to other clients in real-time.
	4, Really simple APIs. Samoyed will be designed to provide a simple yet powerful API set. Developers don't have to care about setting up server, exposing data API, serialization and deserialization, etc. Just code the important stuff related to your application and let Samoyed serve you silently.
